KOGITO-7694 Fixed kn commands in create-your-first-workflow-service.adoc (#135)
kiegroup/kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/tooling/kn-plugin-workflow-overview.adoc

. In Knative CLI, enter the following command to build your workflow project:
+
--
.Build the project and generate a local image named `dev.local/my-project`
[source,shell]
----
kn workflow build --image dev.local/my-project

> kn workflow build --image-name dev.local/my-project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

----

[NOTE]
====

> By using `dev.local` as repository, you can deploy your Serverless Workflow project in a local environment without having to push the image to a container registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using `dev.local` as repository, you can deploy your {context} project in a local environment without having to push the image to a container registry.
```
